add changelog entries for s3 and twingate bugs (#1456)
opentofu/opentofu: CHANGELOG.md

* Don't show false update action when import resource with sensitive datasource([#1220](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/pull/1220))
* Fix panic when provisioner source and content are both null ([#1376](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/pull/1376))
* Fix large number will be truncated in plan ([#1382](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/pull/1382))

> * Fix S3 backend must have permissions to default 'env:' workspace prefix ([#1445](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/pull/1445))

Reviewer: I'd be tempted to say that the changelog should talk about the positive effect here.

```suggestion
* S3 backend no longer requires to have permissions to use the default 'env:' workspace prefix ([#1445](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/pull/1445))
```

Author: Thanks! Here it is - 182df0bba9c91852721b41298da29ac44d2e9213

> * Fix crash when using a conditional with Twingate resource ([1446](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/pull/1446))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a crash when using a conditional with Twingate resource ([1446](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/pull/1446))
```

Author: Thanks! Here it is - 182df0bba9c91852721b41298da29ac44d2e9213
